Code Pin: https://codepen.io/intento/pen/KKzvOMv


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Tags are high level language that users can understand.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is used for websites, this is what a consumer would always see.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are elements that reference other objects, whether it be links for a website or images.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tags are used for title headings. Should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and Href tags.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A header.

7. What is an id?
    Id's are used to specify elements in html, can also be reffered on CSS.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    divs, sections, headers, footers

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Cannot use the same id on per element.

10. What is a class? 
    Classes are similar to id's however it can identify more than one element.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Elements like paragraphs, headers, divs, footers, sections, etc.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can't use the same name for classes.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?    
    text to speech for an image

15. How do I reference an id?
    '#'

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div are containers, and sections are specific selections of content.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    stylizing html

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Ctrl+F

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes are for multiple elements like a div or section, ids are for singular elements like words, pictures, etc.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You can refer to them with a ".'classname'".

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selectors are used for more specified CSS customizations. Parent chil selectors is similar to a library
    terms of calling out specific elements in CSS.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that finds elements in specific states

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase;
    text-transform:lowercase;
    text-transform:capitalize;

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border:1px dotted black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? \
    *{

    }

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/comment/*

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    **need to be careful because you can delete a whole directory**

34. Why should I use version control? 
    Helps in team builds and track progress of who does what.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    Frequently, I will be using this often.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u "username"

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Access the github link from lambda and fork the project.
    Make sure to add the TL as a collaborator.

    1. cd documents/Git
    2. get a clone of the project
    3. git clone https://.....
    4. cd Git-for-Web-Development-Project
    5. git checkout -b erick-gonzalez
    6. git touch erick-gonzalez.txt
    7. code .
    8. git add.
    9. git commit -m "message"
    10.git push -u erick-gonzalez
    11.go to Github and click on pull requests
    12.new pull request
    13.switch branch to user branch
    14.Add TL for reviewers

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Spans only apply to inline elements, whereas divs apply to blocks of elements.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        set a margin and 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 